README.md, before:

# AI-Powered Influencer Platform

A comprehensive platform for AI-powered influencer marketing, built with Next.js, Firebase, and Google Gemini AI.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Features
- **AI Content Generation**: Generate engaging captions, scripts, and social media content using Google Gemini
- **LLM Workbench**: Interactive interface for prompt engineering and content refinement
- **Campaign Management**: Create, manage, and track influencer marketing campaigns
- **Role-Based Access**: Support for Brands, Creators, and Admin users
- **Real-time Analytics**: Track engagement, reach, and ROI metrics
- **Content Scheduling**: Schedule posts across multiple social media platforms

### AI-Powered Tools
- **Smart Prompt Builder**: Drag-and-drop interface for creating AI prompts
- **Context Chips**: Add brand guidelines, product info, and examples for better AI output
- **Tone Sliders**: Fine-tune content tone, emoji usage, and call-to-action strength
- **Variant Generation**: Generate multiple content options with scoring and safety checks
- **Brand Safety**: Built-in moderation and compliance checking

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14 (App Router), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: shadcn/ui, Radix UI
- **Backend**: Firebase (Auth, Firestore, Storage, Functions)
- **AI**: Google Gemini 1.5 Pro
- **Payments**: Stripe, Razorpay
- **Social APIs**: Meta Graph API, YouTube Data API
- **State Management**: Zustand, React Query

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── (dashboard)/       # Dashboard layout and pages
│   ├── api/               # API routes
│   ├── login/             # Authentication pages
│   └── page.tsx           # Landing page
├── components/
│   ├── llm/               # LLM Workbench components
│   ├── controls/          # UI controls (sliders, etc.)
│   └── ui/                # shadcn/ui components
├── lib/
│   ├── types.ts           # TypeScript interfaces
│   ├── firebase.ts        # Firebase client config
│   ├── firebase-admin.ts  # Firebase admin config
│   └── gemini.ts          # Gemini AI service
└── services/              # Business logic services
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or pnpm
- Firebase project
- Google Gemini API key

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd ai-influencer-platform
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up environment variables**
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env.local
   ```
   
   Fill in your environment variables:
   ```env
   # Firebase Configuration
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY=your_firebase_api_key
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your_project.firebaseapp.com
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your_project.appspot.com
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID=your_app_id

   # Firebase Admin
   FIREBASE_ADMIN_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
   FIREBASE_ADMIN_CLIENT_EMAIL=your_service_account_email
   FIREBASE_ADMIN_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key

   # AI Services
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key

   # Payment Gateways
   STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_your_stripe_secret
   RAZORPAY_KEY_ID=your_razorpay_key_id
   RAZORPAY_KEY_SECRET=your_razorpay_secret
   ```

4. **Set up Firebase**
   ```bash
   # Install Firebase CLI
   npm install -g firebase-tools
   
   # Login to Firebase
   firebase login
   
   # Initialize Firebase
   firebase init
   ```

5. **Run the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

6. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## 🔧 Configuration

### Firebase Setup

1. Create a new Firebase project at [console.firebase.google.com](https://console.firebase.google.com)
2. Enable Authentication, Firestore, and Storage
3. Download your service account key and add it to environment variables
4. Set up Firestore security rules (see `firestore.rules`)

### Gemini API Setup

1. Get your API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey)
2. Add the key to your environment variables
3. The app will automatically use Gemini 1.5 Pro for content generation

### Social Media APIs

1. **Meta (Instagram/Facebook)**:
   - Create a Meta App at [developers.facebook.com](https://developers.facebook.com)
   - Add your App ID and Secret to environment variables

2. **YouTube**:
   - Create a project in [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com)
   - Enable YouTube Data API v3
   - Create OAuth 2.0 credentials

## 📊 Database Schema

### Core Collections

- **users**: User profiles with role-based access
- **campaigns**: Marketing campaigns and briefs
- **assets**: Generated content (captions, images, videos)
- **schedules**: Post scheduling information
- **posts**: Published content with analytics
- **personas**: AI influencer personas and traits

### Example Document Structure

```typescript
// User Document
{
  role: 'brand' | 'creator' | 'admin',
  displayName: string,
  email: string,
  brandId?: string,
  creatorProfile?: {
    niches: string[],
    languages: string[],
    minCPM?: number
  }
}

// Campaign Document
{
  brandId: string,
  name: string,
  brief: string,
  target: string,
  channels: ('instagram' | 'youtube' | 'tiktok')[],
  status: 'draft' | 'live' | 'paused' | 'done',
  kpis?: {
    impressionsGoal?: number,
    ctrGoal?: number
  }
}
```

## 🎯 Usage

### For Brands

1. **Create Campaign**: Set up campaign brief, target audience, and goals
2. **Generate Content**: Use AI Workbench to create engaging content
3. **Review & Approve**: Review AI-generated variants and approve the best ones
4. **Schedule Posts**: Set up posting schedule across social platforms
5. **Track Performance**: Monitor engagement and ROI through analytics

### For Creators

1. **Join Campaigns**: Accept brand invitations to participate in campaigns
2. **Customize Content**: Use AI tools to personalize content for your audience
3. **Schedule Posts**: Plan your content calendar with optimal posting times
4. **Track Growth**: Monitor your performance and audience engagement

### For Admins

1. **Manage Users**: Assign roles and manage user permissions
2. **Monitor Platform**: Track system usage and performance
3. **Configure AI**: Set up prompt templates and safety guidelines
4. **Analytics**: View platform-wide metrics and insights

## 🔒 Security

- **Authentication**: Firebase Auth with role-based access control
- **Authorization**: Firestore security rules prevent unauthorized access
- **Content Moderation**: Built-in safety checks and brand compliance
- **API Security**: Rate limiting and input validation
- **Data Privacy**: GDPR-compliant data handling

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Add environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push to main branch

### Firebase Hosting

```bash
# Build the project
npm run build

# Deploy to Firebase
firebase deploy
```

## 📈 Performance

- **Core Web Vitals**: Optimized for LCP, FID, and CLS
- **Bundle Size**: Code splitting and lazy loading
- **Caching**: React Query for efficient data fetching
- **CDN**: Static assets served via Vercel Edge Network

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

- **Documentation**: Check the `/docs` folder for detailed guides
- **Issues**: Report bugs and request features via GitHub Issues
- **Discord**: Join our community Discord for real-time support
- **Email**: Contact us at support@aiinfluencer.com

## 🗺 Roadmap

### Phase 1 (Current)
- ✅ Core AI Workbench
- ✅ Basic campaign management
- ✅ User authentication
- ✅ Content generation

### Phase 2 (Next)
- 🔄 Advanced analytics
- 🔄 Video content generation
- 🔄 Multi-language support
- 🔄 API integrations

### Phase 3 (Future)
- 📅 AI influencer avatars
- 📅 AR/VR content
- 📅 Advanced automation
- 📅 Marketplace features

---

Built with ❤️ by the AI Influencer team

Commit message:

Refactor project structure and update configurations. Renamed project to "Inspire AI" in package.json and README.md. Added ESLint configuration to next.config.ts to ignore errors during production builds. Updated dependencies in package.json and package-lock.json, including new libraries for enhanced functionality. Improved user interface components and styles across various pages for a better user experience.

README.md, after:

# ✨ Inspire AI - AI Influencer Platform

**Inspire Your Audience with AI-Powered Content**

A comprehensive platform for AI-powered influencer marketing, built with Next.js, Firebase, and Google Gemini AI. Generate engaging content, manage campaigns, and scale your influence with the power of artificial intelligence.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Features
- **AI Content Generation**: Generate engaging captions, scripts, and social media content using Google Gemini
- **LLM Workbench**: Interactive interface for prompt engineering and content refinement
- **Campaign Management**: Create, manage, and track influencer marketing campaigns
- **Role-Based Access**: Support for Brands, Creators, and Admin users
- **Real-time Analytics**: Track engagement, reach, and ROI metrics
- **Content Scheduling**: Schedule posts across multiple social media platforms

### AI-Powered Tools
- **Smart Prompt Builder**: Drag-and-drop interface for creating AI prompts
- **Context Chips**: Add brand guidelines, product info, and examples for better AI output
- **Tone Sliders**: Fine-tune content tone, emoji usage, and call-to-action strength
- **Variant Generation**: Generate multiple content options with scoring and safety checks
- **Brand Safety**: Built-in moderation and compliance checking

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14 (App Router), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: shadcn/ui, Radix UI
- **Backend**: Firebase (Auth, Firestore, Storage, Functions)
- **AI**: Google Gemini 1.5 Pro
- **Payments**: Stripe, Razorpay
- **Social APIs**: Meta Graph API, YouTube Data API
- **State Management**: Zustand, React Query

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── (dashboard)/       # Dashboard layout and pages
│   ├── api/               # API routes
│   ├── login/             # Authentication pages
│   └── page.tsx           # Landing page
├── components/
│   ├── llm/               # LLM Workbench components
│   ├── controls/          # UI controls (sliders, etc.)
│   └── ui/                # shadcn/ui components
├── lib/
│   ├── types.ts           # TypeScript interfaces
│   ├── firebase.ts        # Firebase client config
│   ├── firebase-admin.ts  # Firebase admin config
│   └── gemini.ts          # Gemini AI service
└── services/              # Business logic services
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or pnpm
- Firebase project
- Google Gemini API key

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd inspire-ai
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up environment variables**
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env.local
   ```
   
   Fill in your environment variables:
   ```env
   # Firebase Configuration
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY=your_firebase_api_key
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your_project.firebaseapp.com
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your_project.appspot.com
   NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID=your_app_id

   # Firebase Admin
   FIREBASE_ADMIN_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
   FIREBASE_ADMIN_CLIENT_EMAIL=your_service_account_email
   FIREBASE_ADMIN_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key

   # AI Services
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key

   # Payment Gateways
   STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_your_stripe_secret
   RAZORPAY_KEY_ID=your_razorpay_key_id
   RAZORPAY_KEY_SECRET=your_razorpay_secret
   ```

4. **Set up Firebase**
   ```bash
   # Install Firebase CLI
   npm install -g firebase-tools
   
   # Login to Firebase
   firebase login
   
   # Initialize Firebase
   firebase init
   ```

5. **Run the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

6. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## 🔧 Configuration

### Firebase Setup

1. Create a new Firebase project at [console.firebase.google.com](https://console.firebase.google.com)
2. Enable Authentication, Firestore, and Storage
3. Download your service account key and add it to environment variables
4. Set up Firestore security rules (see `firestore.rules`)

### Gemini API Setup

1. Get your API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey)
2. Add the key to your environment variables
3. The app will automatically use Gemini 1.5 Pro for content generation

### Social Media APIs

1. **Meta (Instagram/Facebook)**:
   - Create a Meta App at [developers.facebook.com](https://developers.facebook.com)
   - Add your App ID and Secret to environment variables

2. **YouTube**:
   - Create a project in [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com)
   - Enable YouTube Data API v3
   - Create OAuth 2.0 credentials

## 📊 Database Schema

### Core Collections

- **users**: User profiles with role-based access
- **campaigns**: Marketing campaigns and briefs
- **assets**: Generated content (captions, images, videos)
- **schedules**: Post scheduling information
- **posts**: Published content with analytics
- **personas**: AI influencer personas and traits

### Example Document Structure

```typescript
// User Document
{
  role: 'brand' | 'creator' | 'admin',
  displayName: string,
  email: string,
  brandId?: string,
  creatorProfile?: {
    niches: string[],
    languages: string[],
    minCPM?: number
  }
}

// Campaign Document
{
  brandId: string,
  name: string,
  brief: string,
  target: string,
  channels: ('instagram' | 'youtube' | 'tiktok')[],
  status: 'draft' | 'live' | 'paused' | 'done',
  kpis?: {
    impressionsGoal?: number,
    ctrGoal?: number
  }
}
```

## 🎯 Usage

### For Brands

1. **Create Campaign**: Set up campaign brief, target audience, and goals
2. **Generate Content**: Use AI Workbench to create engaging content
3. **Review & Approve**: Review AI-generated variants and approve the best ones
4. **Schedule Posts**: Set up posting schedule across social platforms
5. **Track Performance**: Monitor engagement and ROI through analytics

### For Creators

1. **Join Campaigns**: Accept brand invitations to participate in campaigns
2. **Customize Content**: Use AI tools to personalize content for your audience
3. **Schedule Posts**: Plan your content calendar with optimal posting times
4. **Track Growth**: Monitor your performance and audience engagement

### For Admins

1. **Manage Users**: Assign roles and manage user permissions
2. **Monitor Platform**: Track system usage and performance
3. **Configure AI**: Set up prompt templates and safety guidelines
4. **Analytics**: View platform-wide metrics and insights

## 🔒 Security

- **Authentication**: Firebase Auth with role-based access control
- **Authorization**: Firestore security rules prevent unauthorized access
- **Content Moderation**: Built-in safety checks and brand compliance
- **API Security**: Rate limiting and input validation
- **Data Privacy**: GDPR-compliant data handling

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Add environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push to main branch

### Firebase Hosting

```bash
# Build the project
npm run build

# Deploy to Firebase
firebase deploy
```

## 📈 Performance

- **Core Web Vitals**: Optimized for LCP, FID, and CLS
- **Bundle Size**: Code splitting and lazy loading
- **Caching**: React Query for efficient data fetching
- **CDN**: Static assets served via Vercel Edge Network

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

- **Documentation**: Check the `/docs` folder for detailed guides
- **Issues**: Report bugs and request features via GitHub Issues
- **Discord**: Join our community Discord for real-time support
- **Email**: Contact us at support@inspireai.com

## 🗺 Roadmap

### Phase 1 (Current)
- ✅ Core AI Workbench
- ✅ Basic campaign management
- ✅ User authentication
- ✅ Content generation

### Phase 2 (Next)
- 🔄 Advanced analytics
- 🔄 Video content generation
- 🔄 Multi-language support
- 🔄 API integrations

### Phase 3 (Future)
- 📅 AI influencer avatars
- 📅 AR/VR content
- 📅 Advanced automation
- 📅 Marketplace features

---

Built with ❤️ by the Inspire AI team
